# quadcopter-matlab
Quadcopter model in Matlab environment: Simulink + .M file

ABSTRACT
Actuality of theme. Research in the direction of the technical vision system (TVS) and its integration into the control of an unmanned aerial vehicle (UAV) are aimed at solving several of the most important tasks - tracking the UAV for the purpose and automatic landing on a specially prepared place. TVS is currently one of the main means of developing automatic traffic control systems in conditions where the volume of a priori information is not sufficient and to solve the problems of management requires an analysis of the external environment in a real time. Progress in electronics, optics, computer technology and programming makes it possible to use optical devices and systems in a wide range of consumer market devices. The problem of researching the use of TVS in aviation for navigating or guiding is devoted to many works, but this study does not lose its relevance because of insoluble issues quite a lot.
The essential problem of using TVS in UAV control is its synchronization of controls (screw engines) with computer vision.
The next unresolved problem remains in optimizing the image of the terrain, because the change in the state of the environment (illumination, brightness, intensity) is very significant on TVS. Algorithms for object‘s identification are very sensitive to these parameters, and when non-optimal image processing, there may be noise in the image. The problem is also the selection of the required noise filters, because improper filtration can lead to the loss of important information from the image of the terrain, which in turn can lead to the inability to find interesting objects.
The problem of reliability of these systems: the use of one goal identification method is not always reliable, so it is better to combine different methods, especially different in their nature of recognition. Most projects use only one recognition method.
Completely unsolved problem of UAV landing at low altitude based on TVS without the use of inertial sensors / altimeter, which significantly reduces the accuracy of landing in existing UAV control algorithms when it is lowered.
Also, the choice of the appropriate algorithm for identifying the target and the same objective (its parameters and features) remains the problem, based on the tasks set, since they are not universal for each UAV and the characteristics of the area.
To solve these problems in this work an algorithm of automatic landing of UAVs of a type of kvadokopter on the basis of a TVS on a specially defined place, which has its own special symbolism (a symbol and certain marks) is developed.
The combined method (which does not depend on the depth of the image to avoid excessive noise) is proposed, identification of the landing site based on several methods of recognizing both the symbol and certain features / attributes of the landing site, in order to increase the reliability of the algorithm, as well as the introduction into the control circuit of the UAV by law performance of stabilization in unforeseen situations (with loss of image or purpose).
Selection and introduction of new filtering techniques to optimize and improve the image, maximize noise removal. The combination of filter data with the methods of recognizing the landing site is special in this work, because the selection of the most optimal location of landing in conditions of all-weather environment, provided that there is illumination.
The problem of landing at low altitudes is solved using «target in target» method (a new method: the placement of the recognition object in the symbolism of the landing site, which can only be seen from small distances, as well as a new multi-scale algorithm for character recognition). The accuracy of landing is expected to be ± 5 cm between the center of the site and the vertical axis of the UAV. That is why this work is an actual research work.
The scientific novelty of the dissertation is to develop algorithms for automatic control of UAVs on the basis of information from the STZ and techniques for integrating the STZ into the control circuit of the UAV.
1) For the first time, a multi-scale algorithm for recognizing the landmark in the "goal to the target" method was proposed for solving the problem of UAV landing at low altitudes.
2) The method of integration of orientation identification algorithms, which have different principles of work, is improved.
3) The method of using new filters with the maximum noise removal for the optimization of the terrain image using the Kalman filter is developed.
The practical value of the results obtained is determined by the requirements put forward to the system of the object, which will be located on the complex system. Such an approach will allow us to determine the feasibility of using an integrated system on an object and modernize the algorithm of information processing.
Keywords. SYSTEM OF TECHNICAL VISION, OPTICAL - ELECTRONIC SYSTEM, CONTROL SYSTEM OF SAFE LITERAL APPARATUS, FILTER KALMAN.
